Introduce import mysql (#13778)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/get-started-with-cli.md

    To set up `ticloud` in GitHub Action, use [`setup-tidbcloud-cli`](https://github.com/tidbcloud/setup-tidbcloud-cli).

> The MySQL command-line client can be installed via your package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the MySQL command-line client if you do not have it. You can install it via your package manager:
```

    To set up `ticloud` in GitHub Actions, use [`setup-tidbcloud-cli`](https://github.com/tidbcloud/setup-tidbcloud-cli).

> The MySQL command-line client is available in the [Windows MySQL Installer](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/windows-installation.html). To launch `ticloud connect` in Windows, you need to have the `mysql.exe` executable's directory in your shell's PATH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the MySQL command-line client if you do not have it. You can refer to [Windows MySQL Installer](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/windows-installation.html) for the installation. To launch `ticloud connect` in Windows, you need to have the `mysql.exe` executable's directory in your shell's PATH.
```
